docs: fix typo in template compiler readme (#2848)
salesforce/lwc: packages/@lwc/template-compiler/README.md

**Options:**

-   `experimentalComputedMemberExpression` (boolean, optional, `false` by default) - set to `true` to enable computed member expression in the template, eg: `{list[0].name}`.

> -   `experimentalDynamicDirective` (boolean, optional, `false` by default) - set to `true` to allow usages of `lwc:dynamic` directive in the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `experimentalDynamicDirective` (boolean, optional, `false` by default) - set to `true` to allow the usage of `lwc:dynamic` directives in the template.
```
